From: test908@msexchange2k.closedtest.intra
To: test908@msexchange2k.closedtest.intra
Subject: test21_2
Date: Sun, 23 May 2004 19:04:55 +0530
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
	boundary="----=_NextPart_000_0093_01C440F8.D5F5A850"
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4922.1500
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4925.2800

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

------=_NextPart_000_0093_01C440F8.D5F5A850
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

Internet access on the Nokia 9200 Series Communicator is necessarily limited
by the speed of the phone's GSM connection. As a consequence, testing and
debugging Internet-based applications on hardware can be both expensive and
tedious. The RAS IAP application alleviates this problem by enabling you to
connect to the Internet over a much faster serial connection, via your PCThe
application demonstrates how the Symbian OS Communications database (CommDb)
API may be used to configure an Internet Access Point (IAP). To some extent
it also shows the common paradigm for using most DBMS derived APIs.An
Internet Access Point defines ISP, modem, charge card and location records
that can be used together to make an Internet connection. The IAP for the
RAS connection specifies an ISP and modem record (charge card and location
records are required for this type of IAP). The CommDb is a standard DBMS
database. Modems, ISPs, charge cards, locations, IAPs etc are all stored in
their own tables within the database. There may be a number of records
within each table (e.g., there may be a number of IAPs, modems, ISPs, etc.).
As described in the preceding section, each IAP record defines the set of
ISP, modem, charge card, and location that can be used together. In other
words, an IAP record defines a set of records the other tables.The
implication of the above statement is that sets of CommDb records are
accessed through their associated table. The other implication is that you
cannot create an IAP record until you have already created the other
records. Finally, the fact that there may be many records in a table implies
that each record must be uniquely identified.2. Copy an existing CommDb that
has a correctly configured IAP. This method "works", but has several
problems. Firstly, Symbian does not guarantee that the CommDb will be binary
compatible between releases. In practice this has not been an issue, but it
is something to keep in mind. Secondly, while you are using your RAS IAP,
you don't have access to IAPs you configured in the "real" CommDb. Finally,
and most importantly, CommDb configuration should be targeted to the
platform; The CommDb that you use for RAS connections may well disable some
of your other phone services.. Add an IAP to your existing (proven) CommDb
using RAS IAP. The advantage of this method is that you get to retain the
CommDb that your manufacturer put onto the phone, and therefore can expect
the device to continue to work with the new IAP! Also, the CommDb API is
binary compatible between releases, so you can rely on this method as you
change phone. It is also by far the simplest method! Rather than coding the
application from first principles, I used the standard Minimal Eikon
Application Developer (MEAD) and Menu Builder tools to create an application
that I could easily customize. I then modified the engine to write to the
CommDb, and the UI to call the engine as appropriate. Each of these exports
calls non-exported functions to actually implement the creation and deletion
of the components of the IAP. The purpose of each function is documented in
source, and the code itself is fairly self-documenting. Therefore rather
than exhaustively re-describing the code, the following description
discusses the main paradigms that you will see.First of all, there are two
sequence diagrams present. The first one captures the course of events that
takesplace when a digit button is pressed. The second captures what happens
when the user pushes the 'send'button in order to make a call. At the top of
each diagram we see the rectangles that represent objects. Asin
collaboration diagrams, the names of the objects are underlined to
distinguish them from classes. Alsothe object name is separated from the
class name by a colon. Some objects, like the Dialer, have noparticular
object name, so the colon precedes the class name without an object name in
front of it.objects that they are connected to are in existence. In Figure
2, we cannot see the full extent of thelifelines; they extend from the very
top of the diagram to the very bottom. This implies that the
objectsportrayed in this diagram are in existence before the start of time
in the diagram and remain in existencebeyond the end of the diagram.The
arrows between the lifelines represent messages being sent between the
objects. Sequence umbers, algorithm.Here again we see two sequence diagrams.
In these diagrams the activation ectangles have been omittedfor clarity4.
The top diagram shows the normal course of events hen the cellular phone
receives a call.The CellularRadio object detects the incoming call and
sounds the ringer. It also tells the Dialler objectthat a call is coming in.
This puts the Dialler in a special state. When the Send button is pushed
while theDialler is in this special state, the Dialler sends the Answer
message to the CellularRadio; thus connectingthe call.

------=_NextPart_000_0093_01C440F8.D5F5A850
Content-Type: image/jpeg;
	name="mw_logo.jpg"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment;
	filename="mw_logo.jpg"
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=

------=_NextPart_000_0093_01C440F8.D5F5A850--
